# Green-House-Gas-Coin
The Green House Coin (GHGc) is the monetary representation of Carbon Credit Units demoniated in short or metric tons and linked to a variable national/regional carbon price. The GHGc is a synthetic asset liquidity pool for Green House Gas spot, margin and derative trading, within the wider SynCom ecosystem. In a GHGcUSD/USDT pool the GHGcUSD price would be determined by the current GHG Auction Reserve price using an inbound off-chain price oracle pegged to the carbon market value, the digital asset pair, USDT would be determined by another inbound off chain oracle from currency excange spot prices. 
What is SynCom?
Syncom is encrypted synthetic assets that allow investors to access a plethora of asset types without actually holding them. These types of assets can be traditional financial instruments, such as currencies or commodities, collectables or index funds. They can also be other types of digital assets.
Syncom’s synthetic asset issuance protocol built on Binance Smart Chain. These synthetic assets are collateralized by the Syncom Token (SYC) which when locked in the contract enables the generation of synthetic assets. This pooled collateral model enables users to perform conversions between synthetic assets directly with the smart contract, avoiding the need for counterparties. Syncom’s automated market maker is a form of decentralized exchange. The fundamental difference is that AMMs use a mathematical formula to calculate the rate, and not an order book (ask and bid orders), as on a traditional crypto exchange. Cryptocurrencies are priced according to a pricing algorithm calculated using the formula XXXXXXXXXX. This mechanism solves the liquidity and slippage issues experienced by DEX’s. SynCon currently supports synthetic fiat currencies, cryptocurrencies (long and short) and commodities. SYC holders are incentivised to stake their tokens as they are paid a pro-rata portion of the fees generated through activity on Syncom.Exchange, based on their contribution to the network. It is the right to participate in the network and capture fees generated from Synth exchanges, from which the value of the SYC token is derived. 
To deliver off chain data and price feeds to smart contracts in a transparent, and trustless manner community-veriﬁed hardware and software oracles have been initialized via a proof of installation process and secured via hardware and software security protocols on BSC(Binance Smart Chain). SynCon provides a trustless and decentralized alternative for off-chain data. Also, it provides the infrastructure for decentralized applications to query off-chain data by properly incentivizing miners to provide data. 
